Release v2.20260804.0 (#5893)
omarroth/invidious: CHANGELOG.md

## vX.Y.0 (future)

## v2.20260804.0

### Wrap-up

> This release focuses on fixing comment rendering, adding new configuration options for instance owners, and streamlining developer tooling. Comments in videos and community posts now render correctly again, a message appears when comments are disabled, and several new locales including Uzbek were enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release focuses on fixing comment rendering, adding new configuration options for instance owners, and streamlining developer tooling. Comments in videos and community posts now render correctly again, a message appears when comments are disabled, and several new locales were made available to users.
```

Instance owners gain SOCKS5 proxy support and the ability to set the videojs max buffer length via config.yml. Developer experience improves with Nix development files, a pinned Crystal version for linting, and an updated AI policy that properly bans AI slop.

### New features & important changes
#### For Users
  - A message is now shown when comments are turned off (#4051)

>   - New locales translated at more than 20% were enabled, including Uzbek (#5891, #5882)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - New locales translated at more than 20% are now made available to users, this includes Belarusian, Galician, Swiss German, Armenian, Latvian and Uzbek (#5891, #5882)
```

#### For instance owners
  - SOCKS5 proxy support was added (#5865)
  - The videojs max buffer length can now be set via config.yml (#5876)

#### For developers

>   - Nix development files were added and moved out of the root directory (#5856, #5861)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Nix development files were added (#5856, #5861)
```
